Priority queue refresh (#86)
mspnp/cloud-design-patterns: priority-queue/Readme.md

* Microsoft Visual Studio 2019
* Windows Azure SDK for .NET version 3.1

## Before you start

Ensure that you have installed all of the software prerequisites.

The example demonstrates operational aspects of applications running in Windows Azure. Therefore, you will need to use the monitoring tools in order to understand how the code sample works. You **must** ensure that the Azure Functions in the solution are configured to use the diagnostics mechanism. If not, you will not see the trace information generated by the example.

## About the Example

This example shows how you can implement priority queues by using Service Bus Topics and Subscriptions. A timer triggered Azure Function is responsible for sending messages to a topic. It assigns a priority to each message. The receiving Azure Functions read messages from subscriptions that have the corresponding priority. In the example, The PriorityQueueConsumerHigh Azure function can scale out to 200 instances, whereas the PriorityQueueConsumerLow worker runs only with one instance. This ensures that high priority messages are read from the queue more quickly than low priority messages.

## Running the Example

> You can run this example locally in the Visual Studio Windows Azure emulator. You can also run this example by deploying it to a Function App Service.

Reviewer: Is the Visual Studio Windows Azure emulator really still necessary?  Maybe it is?

Reviewer: I'm resolving this as I've updated this part in the readme on my recent review.

* Provision a Windows Azure Service Bus Namespace

> * Start Visual Studio using an account that has Administrator privileges ("Run as Administrator").

Reviewer: I know that was important for SF ... why is that necessary for this?

## System Requirements

* Microsoft .NET 6
* Microsoft Visual Studio 2019 or later version
* Azure Functions Core Tools version 4x

## Before you start

Ensure that you have installed all of the software prerequisites.

The example demonstrates operational aspects of applications running in Windows Azure. Therefore, you will need to use the monitoring tools in order to understand how the code sample works. You **must** ensure that the Azure Functions in the solution are configured to use the diagnostics mechanism. If not, you will not see the trace information generated by the example.

## About the Example

> This example shows how you can implement priority queues by using Service Bus Topics and Subscriptions. A timer triggered Azure Function is responsible for sending messages to a topic. It assigns a priority to each message. The receiving Azure Functions read messages from subscriptions that have the corresponding priority. In the example, The PriorityQueueConsumerHigh Azure function can scale out to 200 instances, whereas the PriorityQueueConsumerLow worker runs only with one instance. This ensures that high priority messages are read from the queue more quickly than low priority messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how you can implement priority queues by using Service Bus Topics and Subscriptions. A timer triggered Azure Function is responsible for sending messages to a topic. It assigns a priority to each message. The receiving Azure Functions read messages from subscriptions that have the corresponding priority. In the example, the PriorityQueueConsumerHigh Azure function can scale out to 200 instances, whereas the PriorityQueueConsumerLow worker runs only with one instance. This simulates high priority messages being read from the queue more urgently than low priority messages.
```

## Running the Example

> You can either run this example locally in the Visual Studio Windows Azure emulator or you can run it by deploying it to Function App Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either run this example locally from Visual Studio or you can run it by deploying it to Azure.
```

* Provision an Azure Service Bus Namespace.
* Start Visual Studio.
* Open the solution you want to explore from the subfolders where you downloaded the examples.
* Edit the local.settings.json file in all the projects and change the ServiceBusConnection__fullyQualifiedNamespace setting by changing the placeholder "<service_bus_namespace>"  to your Azure Service Bus Namespace name.

* If you want to run the example in the local Windows Azure emulator:
	* Set the PriorityQueueSender project as startup.

> 	* Press F5 in Visual Studio to start the example running. The function will start sending messages to the topic, every 30 seconds.

Reviewer: What topic?  You only asked the user to create a namespace.

Likewise, where are the instructions to set up the topic filtering based on the custom property you added to the message?

Reviewer: Looks good, with the exception of one thing:

If you're going to use `highPriority` and `lowPriority` here in the instructions, you'll then need to update the bindings on your two consumer functions. Otherwise, you can update the values here to match the bindings.

Author: Bindings updated. Thanks for the review !

Reviewer: you got one of the two.  Comment above updated to reflect the partial change.

Reviewer: Got the second one now. Thanks.

	* Stop the execution, change the startup project to either the PriorityQueueConsumerHigh or PriorityQueueConsumerLow
	* Press F5 in Visual Studio to start the execution of the consumer function
	* In the Azure Functions Core Tools Console, you can view the diagnostic information generated by Trace statements in the code.

> * If you want to run the example on Windows Azure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to run the example on Azure:
```

> 	* On every function project. Right click on it and select publish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* On every function project, right click and select publish.
```

	* Select "Azure" as publishing target.
	* Select "Azure Function App" as specific target.
	* In the Functions instance step, select you Azure Function app or create a new one using the link button.
	* Since your app settings are different you need to deploy every Azure Function in a separate Azure Funcion App.
	* You can select an existing resource group and storage account or create new ones.
	* In "Hosting" section, click on the the three dots (...) in the upper right corner.
	* Select "Manage Azure App Service Settings".

> 	* You need to add this two settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* You need to add these two settings:
```
